[project/pg] Reorganized O3DE SDK in 'Welcome Guide > Key Concepts' page and 'Programming Guide' (#1435)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/programming/_index.md

  - [Programmer's Guide to Component Development](/docs/user-guide/programming/components/)

#### Develop a Gem
  
  - [Gem Module system](/docs/user-guide/programming/gems/overview/)

  - [Create an O3DE Gem](/docs/user-guide/programming/gems/creating/)

#### Develop Atom Renderer features
  
  - [Atom Renderer Developer Guide](/docs/atom-guide/dev-guide/)

## Related topics

| Topic | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | [O3DE C++ Coding Standards](https://github.com/o3de/sig-core/blob/main/governance/Coding-Standards-and-Style-Guide.md) | If you're programming features to contibute to [o3de repository](https://github.com/o3de/o3de), follow the coding standards used throughout O3DE's C++ codebase. |

Reviewer: Nit for continuity: We have a shortcode for the source repo URL that we actively use elsewhere:
```suggestion
| [O3DE C++ Coding Standards](https://github.com/o3de/sig-core/blob/main/governance/Coding-Standards-and-Style-Guide.md) | If you're programming features to contribute to [o3de repository](https://{{< links/o3de-source >}}), follow the coding standards used throughout O3DE's C++ codebase. |
```
